Summer Internship: June-September 2015
Hiring Manager: Zal Bilimoria
Contact: zal@a16z.com 

Andreessen Horowitz is a VC firm based in Menlo Park, CA that provides seed, venture, and growth-stage funding to the most promising and innovative technology companies. Founded by Marc Andreessen and Ben Horowitz, Andreessen Horowitz helps entrepreneurs become successful CEOs and build important and enduring companies. Our investing partners are Marc Andreessen, Ben Horowitz, Scott Weiss, Jeff Jordan, Peter Levine, Chris Dixon, Lars Dalgaard, & Balaji Srinivasan — all widely recognized experts in the creation, scaling, and operation of high growth tech companies. The firm has over $4 billion under management across four funds. Among our investments are Airbnb, Airware, Box, Coinbase, Crowdtilt, Cyanogen, GitHub, Jawbone, Mixpanel, Omada Health, Lookout, Lyft, Oculus, Okta, Pinterest, Quirky, Shapeways, Soylent, Tanium, & Teespring.

We are looking to hire a summer intern to support the Deal & Research team at Andresseen Horowitz for a period of 12 weeks, reporting to Zal Bilimoria. This internship will allow an individual to further develop their understanding in a variety of areas, including but not limited to mobile platforms, marketplaces, edtech, digital health, enterprise SaaS, IoT, and productivity tools. As the academic calendar of programs vary, start and end dates are to be considered flexible.

Responsibilities include:

Support the development of internal and external content (blog posts, presentations, etc.)
Curate and analyze data in respect to markets, trends, companies, etc.
Meet with founders and other industry experts to support/validate research findings
Attend founder pitches when relevant to the topics being researched
Support the diligence process for select investments
Create a comprehensive "point-of-view" in at least one area: mobile, sharing economy, and/or marketplaces
Ultimately present their "point-of-view" to the Deal & Research team at the end of the summer

Candidates must have:

3+ years of work experience, ideally in tech, consulting, strategy/biz ops, or industry analyst roles
Amazing communication skills (verbal, email, & presentation)
Self-sufficiency at their core
The ability to perform at a blazingly high level
Curiosity and initiative in bucket loads
A ridiculously detail-oriented nature
A good sense of humor and a positive attitude
A good grasp on Excel/Google Sheets as well as Powerpoint/Keynote/Google Slides

Nice-to-haves (these are all "and/or"):

2+ years of work experience, ideally in product, strategy, biz ops, or industry analyst roles
Finished their first year at a top-tier MBA program
Experience at a startup or technology company
Founded a company or high probability of starting one soon

For interested candidates:

Please email a brief cover letter and resume to zal@a16z.com (each should be 1-page or less)
Submit all materials by March 1, 2015
If there's mutual interest, we will contact candidates and schedule interviews in March

Thank you!
